[chorus singing] Close combat
I'm slashing
You who are standing in front of me
Who are you?
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
Running away but not forever
Chewing and swallowing reality
Shout it out
And refuse ambiguity
Though you know the danger of the dark
A type of system that is too cold
On or off
Which one is it now?
Ending up killing emotions
Over and over
No, I was just slipping through
Being destroyed, that's all
Leave me alone
Craze
I am I
Even if I am cornered
Yeah, yeah
Started with nothing but risk
From the beginning
Give it all you got
Craze
Reveal your true self, your instincts
Time to strike back
Yeah
So I slashed
Who are you?
MUST BE TOUGH BEING A LAPDOG
[gasps]
[Tosaki] Yoko Tainaka, right?
Your stepfather was Satoshi Tainaka.
Your real father died in an accident
when you were 15.
Your mother's name is Sawako Tainaka.
That's correct, yes?
Get out.
I don't want...
to hear that name.
You're registered as an Unconfirmed Ajin.
My apologies, but I can't do that.
She...
That woman...
[Sawako] Hang up the phone!
[slap then Sawako shouts]
[man] Sawako!
Think about this!
Her body is worth money!
We'll never have to work again!
Yeah, hello?
Mom...?
[man] Yeah, yeah, that's right.
Yeah, you got it.
[Izumi] He tried to sell me...
And as usual my mom is just going to let
the bastard get away with it!
HOTEL
W HOUSING
[Izumi coughing]
It's all...
All her fault.
And I bet...
she's still with that...
son of a bitch.
Not quite. Your stepfather and mother
are both dead.
That's what she gets...
for selling her daughter.
No.
I know you've been through a lot,
but you're wrong.
What could you possibly kn--
There was a recording of the call
placed to the police.
It's probably from right after
you ran away from home.
-[man 1] So, you'd like to report an Ajin?
-[man 2] Yeah, that's right.
An Ajin.
My kid, she's an Ajin. [chuckles]
[groans]
What?
[shouting]
She... she's my daughter!
You bitch!
[both shouting]
I'm... sorry...
Yoko...
And what do you expect me to do
now that I've heard that?
You were mistaken.
It's too late.
Too late...
[ekg flatlining]
[gasps]
Mr. Tosaki!
[Tosaki grunting]
[panting]
I work for the government. Do you think
you're going to get away w--
Where is Ikuya Ogura?
I don't know what you're talking about.
[screams]
That day, you shot the bodyguard
and kidnapped Dr. Ogura.
And you're still keeping him captive.
Why the hell would I do some--
[shouting]
[Almeida] The doctor is a top class
Ajin researcher in our country.
Whatever you've done with him,
we're going to make sure he is returned.
If you want to complain, tell it to Sato.
He's the one who k--
[taser buzzing and Tosaki shouting]
[gasping]
[chuckles]
Knock it off with the farce, Tosaki.
-Where's the doctor?
-I said...
I don't know.
It's not that you don't know...
It's just that you forgot, right?
Remind him.
Yes, sir.
What do you plan to do with that?
Tell him, Myers.
You're the one most familiar with it.
It's Jianglide.
It paralyzes your diaphragm.
You'll feel as though
you're slowly suffocating.
No, don't! St--
[Almeida] We use it to neutralize Ajin.
Tweak the dose right, and you can
keep them alive and in agony forever.
[Tosaki gasping]
Our schedule and location
have both changed,
but this shouldn't be a problem.
We'll start by using strategy pattern B
which we worked up earlier,
and go from there.
The parts that have been changed
have been marked in red.
Make sure to look that over.
Nakano, I'm going to test you
over it later.
I know!
Hey, isn't Ms. Izumi kind of late?
I wonder if she went out
to eat with Mr. Tosaki.
[panting]
Ah! Ms. Izumi, glad you're back!
What happened to your clothes?
The minister's schedule...
Mr. Tosaki's been taken.
The Department of Defense found out
we were keeping Dr. Ogura...
I'm going to rescue him.
Nagai, we need a plan.
Mr. Hirasawa, we'll need a place
to hide right away.
Something temporary would also do.
Can you find one for us?
Yeah, it's possible, but...
Nakano, get the equipment packed.
Equipment?
-Wh...?
-Now!
Okay...
Nagai, what are you--
Mr. Manabe, Mr. Kuroki,
get whatever you need into the car.
Mr. Suzumura, take care of Dr. Ogura.
Could we please stop standing around
wasting time? We need to hu--
Nagai! What are you doing?
What do you mean?
I'm getting ready to move the hideout.
What?! No!
First we have to get Mr. Tosaki.
Yeah, Nagai! What about poor Mr. Tosaki!?
We've gotta go help him!
How, exactly? Where is he being held?
I don't...
Our primary objective is to stop Sato.
But Mr. Tosaki is--!
We can be sure
that Mr. Tosaki's being interrogated.
And if he talks, they're going to be
coming for us, here.
And that means we're done for.
But...!
Mr. Hirasawa!
Nagai...
Mr. Hirasawa,
you said it yourself, didn't you?
That we'd need to make decisions
that go beyond morals or emotions here.
This is one of those times.
First we have to make sure we're safe.
Then we can start thinking about
our next steps.
Thinking logically,
that's our best strategy right now.
But, wait, what about Mr. Tosaki...?!
[Hirasawa] If the positions were reversed,
Mr. Tosaki would be
giving the same orders.
-But...
-[Hirasawa] Get a move on.
[Tosaki] This is a personal agreement
between you and I.
The organization doesn't know.
Your job is to protect me from
the unknown threat coming from the Ajin.
Yoko Tainaka is dead.
Today is the first day of your new life.
First, you'll have to pick an alias.
An alias?
You need a new name for a new life.
It will be easier for you to get used to
if it's a name you can relate to somehow.
Well,
my real father's last name was
"Shimomura"
and my mother's maiden name, "Izumi."
That settles it, then.
Let's get moving
before you catch a cold,
Ms. Izumi Shimomura.
Mom...
I'm going to start over.
And this time, I won't run away.
[Hirasawa]
Nagai, I've secured our next location.
Thank--
[grunting]
-Huh?
-If I were Sato,
I would have kept you locked up
for the rest of your life
in a dark, cramped space.
But you're not Sato.
And if you can't even beat me,
how do you expect to stop him?
We only have one chance to stop Sato,
and that's to counterattack when he moves
on the minister. However...
the only one who knows when is
Mr. Tosaki. Think about it rationally.
No matter how I look at it, picking
a fight with the U.S. is irrational.
We're done packing up, Nagai.
[Nagai] Unpack everything.
-What?
-[Nagai] Change of plans.
We're going to go rescue Mr. Tosaki.
Nagai.
[Nagai] If we're facing the Americans...
at least it will be good field training.
Thank you.
No time for thanks.
First, we've got to find out
where he's being held.
[man] Minami Azabu.
There's a safe house
that we've used before.
Four-eyes might be there.
Why are you telling us this?
Aren't you on their side?
[laughs]
I'm not about to go home with
my precious sample right in front of me.
We should be able to make it
to Minami Azabu within an hour.
We should leave immediately.
All right. Suzumura, move Dr. Ogura.
We've already got a place set up.
Roger.
Nakano, you pack the equipment.
Yes, sir!
-Nagai.
-We'll figure out a plan on the way.
MEETING WITH VICE-MINISTER
OF THE CABINET
Let's go, Ms. Izumi.
Do you remember?
I... I don't know...
I don't know anything.
-Myers.
-His heart rate is already pretty low.
-If we keep this up--
-I didn't ask for your opinion.
-Do it.
-Yes, sir.
Must be tough being a lapdog.
[gasps]
How many more IBMs can you use?
[Izumi] Probably none.
I know you're worried about Mr. Tosaki,
but please do try to stay composed.
I know.
Damn it! Intruders!
Where's the emergency power!?
[grunts]
What?
-The safety, dumbass!
-Oh, right.
[grunts]
This is Bravo One. Living room is secure.
We did it.
Idiot...
What is it...?
Fire!
[men shouting]
Secure the area!
Room C, clear!
Room D, clear!
Only Rooms E and F left.
Alpha One, copy that.
Hurry it up!
Goddamn it...
I'd say we've both had a bad day.
Mr. Tosaki!
[Nagai] Ghost!
Go!
Damn it, how did they know
our location?
-We should try to get--
-Shut up.
It's your fault
for letting that girl get away.
I'm going to make sure you pay for that.
[car horn honking]
Jesus, you can't even pick
the right road.
I should just give you the shot right now.
Where are they?
They're still near the safe house.
They just turned right up ahead,
but please stay calm.
-You guys handle the cleanup.
-Yes, sir.
-We're going to go ahead to cut--
-There's no time for that!
They're not getting away!
[tires squealing]
That's why I told her...
Ms. Izumi! Are you okay?!
Go around to the right here.
Ms. Izumi!
Mr. Tosaki?
We're going after them!
Can we catch them, Nagai?
-Yo! Nagai!
-Just shut up a second!
This is not good, Mr. Hirasawa.
It looks like they're headed to
the U.S. Embassy.
Well, this can't get any worse.
What? Why?
Embassies have extraterritorial rights.
The police, the military,
nobody has any authority there.
It means if they make it inside,
this is all over.
But why?!
Just shut up!
TO BE CONTINUED
[chorus singing]
I'm tired of this one already, so
I'll trade it
For your ordinary one
A shiny holy card
For a grainy paper card
You can see them all
When you come to my house
So
Two of us in the corner of the schoolyard
While the wind blows
I might be able to say it now
Words I've never said to anyone
"Won't you come and play, I'll be nice"
"I'll give you anything, see"
"Be my friend
Always"
Created by:
Matt Duncan